The operators are the main part of everyone's team. Each of them is one character with various characteristics to indicate their skills in battle. Each operator has one operator sheet assigned to them which lists all their characteristics and abilities.
# Identity
## Species
Each operator has a species. It may indicate their physical appearance, give special abilities and dictate what they have access to such as backgrounds and equipment. This is chosen when creating the operator and written down on their operator sheet.
## Background
Each operator has a background. It indicates their life path leading up to the current missions. This is chosen when creating the operator and written down on their operator sheet.

# Characteristics

## Defense
The ability for an operator to sustain wounds before falling in battle. Unless stated otherwise, operators are removed from the battle if their defense value falls to 0 or lower. A higher defense value means the operator can take more damage before being defeated.
## Armor
This characteristics represents the operator's armor and capacity to dodge attacks. When an operator is attacked, the result of a D10 must be equal or below for the damage to be avoided. This means that a higher armor characteristics is better.
## Speed
When an operator move, they move a number of tiles equal to their speed characteristics. There may be times where moving from one tile to another requires more than 1 speed. Those situations will be indicated in the following sections of the rules.

# Equipment and abilities

## Weapons
Each operator has one or more weapons. The ones currently used by the operator are indicated on their operator sheet.
## Other equipment
Armors and other tools are written down on the operator sheet. These affect the operator's characteristics in some way and may give additional abilities.
## Abilities
Each abilities of the operator should be written in this section of the operator sheet. Those are gameplay modifiers that affect various aspects of that operator's actions.