Combat is a large portion of Nebulia Operations' gameplay loop.

During combat, the active operator is the attacker and its target is the defender.
# Combat Flow
## Select weapon
The attacker selects one weapon that they will use for combat. That weapon must have one operator that can be reached by it. (For example, the operator must have another operator adjacent to them to use a weapon with the "Melee" range.)

## Select target
The attacker selects one other operator that is within range. For weapons with a range of "Melee", that must be an adjacent operator. For other weapons, it must be an operator that's visible from the attacker.
### Visibility
When calculating visibility, trace a line from each corner of the attacker's tile to the equivalent corner of the defender's tile.

If at least 2 lines reaches the defender without intersecting with another operator or blocking terrain, the defender is visible but in cover.

If all lines reaches the defender without intersecting with another operator or blocking terrain, the defender is visible and not in cover.

If the distance between the two operators is 3 tiles or less, neither operator can benefit from cover.
## Roll to hit
The attacker rolls a number of D10. By default, every weapon rolls one D10 but some rules may change this.

Keep any rolls that are equal or lower to the selected weapon's accuracy characteristic. A result of 1 is always a success and a result of 0 is always a failure.

## Armor roll
The defender rolls a number of D10 equals to the number of successful rolls to hit. Any armor rolls that are equal or lower to the defender's armor characteristics is a success and the roll to hit is canceled. The attack bounces off the defender's armor or they dodged. A result of 1 is always a success and a result of 0 is always a failure.

If the defender benefit from cover, they gain a modifier of -1 to their armor rolls.
## Damage
For each hit rolls that was not saved by an armor roll, deal damage to the defender's defense characteristic. By default, weapons deal 1 damage and some rules may change this.
